
    (Stephen and TJ)'s proposal for solution III to net OQ#2. It attempts to
mimic, in net, the way scape does foraging:


    1) At start time, create the usual random graph of agents. The edges
represent "friendships," say.

    2) Additionally, create some number of "distributor nodes." These play the
same role that grid squares do in scape: they are daily sources of sugar that
not every agent has equal access to. Each distributor node is given a random
"total amount of sugar dispensed per iteration" property.

    3) Agents can "plug in" to distributor nodes. (Maybe there is a cap on the
number each agent can plug in to?) Each iteration, each distributor node will
divvy up its total dispensation equally among its plugged-in agents. An agent's
total income in that iteration, then, is the sum of what it gets from each of
the distributors it's plugged in to. This divvying up of a distributor's
resources is analogous to how, in scape, if too many agents migrate to a
fertile region, they start to deplete that region.

    4) Agents can only plug in to a distributor if they have a friend who is
already plugged in to that distributor. This roughly corresponds to the
foraging behavior in scape -- you can't do a hyperspace jump to any old
distributor at all, nor are you even aware of distributors outside your "field
of vision" (i.e., your current set of friends).

    5) In order for this to work, agents must be able to form additional
friendships as the simulation progresses (otherwise they cannot forage). We
propose that each iteration, there is a possibility of agent A forming a
friendship with a friend-of-a-friend-of-A. (In other words, if A is friends
with B but not with C, and B is friends with C, there is some probability that
A will become friends with C.) This mimics the progressive foraging aspect of
scape: agents kinda sorta "branch out" in a "particular direction" along the
graph, forming new friendships as they go.

    6) Since this model adds edges (friendships) to the graph, it must be able
to also remove edges, else this whole thing just converges to the complete
graph (all agents friends with all others). We propose that whenever an agent
forms a new friendship, it deletes one of its existing ones. This corresponds
to how in scape, if you choose to migrate north, you are necessarily abandoning
options to the south.
